Add: Tutorial for algo-builder-template/pipeline-ui template (#748)
scale-it/algo-builder: docs/tutorials/tutorial-pipelineui.md

## Objective

This tutorial is to demonstrate [`pipeline-ui`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder-templates/tree/master/pipeline-ui) and [`AlgoSigner`](https://www.purestake.com/technology/algosigner/) in webapp using [`@algo-builder/web`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/tree/master/packages/web). This is a [React](https://reactjs.org/) + [pipeline-ui](https://www.pipeline-ui.com/) + [WebMode](https://algobuilder.dev/api/web/modules) project which serves as an app template.

## What is `@algo-builder/web`?

> This package provides a class `WebMode` which has variety of high level functions like, [`waitForConfirmation`](https://algobuilder.dev/api/web/classes/WebMode.html#waitForConfirmation), [`executeTx`](<(https://algobuilder.dev/api/web/classes/WebMode.html#executeTransaction)>), [`signTransaction`](<(https://algobuilder.dev/api/web/classes/WebMode.html#signTransaction)>), etc. These functions help sending transactions and building dapps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@algo-builder/web` provides `WebMode` class which has variety of high level functions like, [`waitForConfirmation`](https://algobuilder.dev/api/web/classes/WebMode.html#waitForConfirmation), [`executeTx`](<(https://algobuilder.dev/api/web/classes/WebMode.html#executeTransaction)>), [`signTransaction`](<(https://algobuilder.dev/api/web/classes/WebMode.html#signTransaction)>), etc. These functions help sending transactions and building dapps.
```

## Requirements

> - Node 14+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Node 16+
```

- Clone [`pipeline-ui-template`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder-templates/tree/master/pipeline-ui).

> - Yarn `v3.1+` or NPM `v8.0+` or PNPM `v6.21+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Yarn `v3.2+` or NPM `v8.0+` or PNPM `v6.21+`.
```

- Setup the accounts on [`Algosigner`](https://github.com/PureStake/algosigner) wallet. It could be MainNet, TestNet. By default on template it is `MainNet`.

## Steps

1. Setup the [`pipeline-ui-template`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder-templates/tree/master/pipeline-ui)

> 2. The above template should be accessbile on your [`localhost`](http://localhost:3000/) with port 3000 and you should be able to see below screen. Be dauft `MainNet` chain network type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When running the above web app you should be able to access it at [`localhost`](http://localhost:3000/) and you should be able to see below screen. Be default `MainNet` network is selected.
```
